Update OS settings documentation for clarity (#38837)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/custom-os-settings.md

In the Fleet UI, head to the **Controls > OS settings** tab.

> To see the status for a specific settings, hover over a row in the **Custom settings** table and select the information (**i**) icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the status of a specific setting, hover over the setting's row in the **Custom settings** table and select the information (**i**) icon.
```

Currently, when editing a profile using Fleet's GitOps workflow, it can take 30 seconds for the

> Profile's status to update to "Pending."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Hosts that failed to apply OS settings. For Windows profiles, status codes are listed in [Microsoft's OMA DM docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/client-management/oma-dm-protocol-support#syncml-response-status-codes).

> macOS, iOS, or iPadOS hosts can display "Failed" OS settings even when MDM is turned off. This occurs when a host previously had MDM enabled, and the end user deleted the enrollment profile while the host was offline. Since Fleet did not receive [confirmation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/check-out) that the enrollment profile was removed, it continues to send MDM commands to enforce the OS settings and attempts to verify them, which always fails. To resolve this issue, turn on MDM again and select **Actions > Turn off MDM** while the host is online.

Reviewer: This section needed a bit of a rewrite to improve the flow. Please can you make sure I didn't unintentionally change the meaning?
